- ### [[🧠to keep in mind]]:
  initiative:: [[initiative/cost tracking]]
  keep-until-date::
  embedded-in-mind:: no
  review-on-date::
  id:: 64da92eb-9763-4d7c-aab3-b722dea2dd81
	- GI raise FSTP wants to integrate cost from Maximo into SAP. This had been raised to Faisel, and GI had been brought into the conversation.
	- Our Fear:
		- their system of inventory management do not suit our use-case.
	- Our Hope:
		- we can come up with something useful, and they would be receptive to adopt.
	- The Opportunity:
		- If FSTP adopts reasonable representation for material management, this would be a huge step forward for SAP integration, of not only Toronto Water, but for the entire City.
	- The Risk:
		- If FSTP is not open minded in adopting a better representation, we'd put up a lot of effort, without it leading to anything.
	- TH's Initial thoughts:
		- There are a few parts to this issue
			- workflows for work planning - must allow the allocation of material and labour
			  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- allow the allocation of cataloged and non-cataloged material
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
				- allow the allocation of a certain unit of material
				  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- workflows for closing the work - must allow the capture of actual usage of material and labour
			  logseq.order-list-type:: number
			- representation of a class of part in the store, associated with cost - that allows it to be added onto a work order.
			  logseq.order-list-type:: number
		- We may not need to boil the ocean here. What FSTP really needs for the present scope is probably quite simple - cost per WO, broken down by parts and material. We can configure the system to give this information. (except without material integration, most the material cost values would be empty)
		  background-color:: yellow
	- Next Step:
		- NOW Assess what the current representation of parts look like in SAP.
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2023-08-14 Mon 17:01:52]
		  :END:
		- LATER take up with Annette of whether to adopt this as the 3rd use-case. But before this, we should get a gauge the risk of putting up any effort
		  :LOGBOOK:
		  CLOCK: [2023-08-14 Mon 16:56:29]--[2023-08-14 Mon 16:56:46] =>  00:00:17
		  CLOCK: [2023-08-14 Mon 16:56:48]--[2023-08-14 Mon 17:01:58] =>  00:05:10
		  :END:
-